First we declare the message converter we will be using,
which is the MappingJackson2MessageConverter.
You need to set the TargetType of the message,
in our case we want it to be a text message.
We can also set the name of the JMS property that will be used to store the
fully-qualified class name of the object being serialized.
In our case, we will use _messageType.
So onto the definition of our JMS templates.
First the definition for queue destinations.
I'm simply creating a new instance of the JmsTemplate,
passing in the cachingConnectionFactory in the constructor.
I'm also setting a dynamic DestinationResolver,
which will allow the template to look up the
destinations dynamically based on a name.
Here I'm setting the all-important message converter
being that we've just created.
Finally, I'm marking this Bean as Primary,
so this will be the default JmsTemplate across the application.
Then onto our topicJmsTemplate.
The only difference between this one and the queueJmsTemplate is to call the method setPubSubDomain with a value of true.